[17.0][IMP] product_contract: Add contract configurator instead of making tree not editable (#1120)
OCA/contract: product_contract/readme/ROADMAP.md

> Is not added support for dates computed from confirmation date of sale order for
> recurrent types daily, weekly or monthlylastday

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There's no support right now for computing the start date for the
  following recurrent types: daily, weekly and monthlylastday.
```
